I also forgot to mention, i think that boardwipes should be in their own category and not listen as interaction, since some people could misinterpret that and run 5 boardwipes in a creature heavy deck. I also think it could be nice to have a protection category where you can list things like Swiftfoot Boots, Veil of Summer, Teferi's Protection, and Heroic Intervention among other cards. Just some thoughts!

In particular, I really like the categories, but I think they can be better implemented. In particular, the win conditions category ignores incremental wins or attacking for lethal as a win con, meaning many decks, such as my enchantments deck, will have a fairly low score. Additionally, the categories can be a little too broad, like Savage Ventmaw being considered a ramp card. I wouldn't really ever call that ramp, you need 6 mana and the next turn to make mana. On the other hand, with my enchantments deck, there are various mana producing enchantments that arent recognized, like Utopia Sprawl. The categories also seem to use a hard line for the recommended numbers, i think it's more useful to compare ramp and lands to the mana curve, for example, in order to get a dynamic number that actually recommends correct amounts if you have a very low or very high curve for example.

On another note, the recommendations only ever recommend the same cards to cut, and in the case of the ur-dragon deck, it recommends cutting the commander. Some variety might be nice, or maybe ideas for upgrades, like trading a Divination for a Stock Up, just because it's a strictly better card. You'd have to be careful with this, since it might always tell you to replace Counterspell with Mana Drain or Force of Will, but still. 

And finally, when I put in my enchantments deck, the website didnt recognize 3 cards when imported from moxfield and recommended cards to add to my deck that aren't in my colors. I didnt specify my commander or anything, but I still find it a little funny to recommend Hellkite Tyrant or Cyclonic Rift in a white green deck. Additionally, 2 of the 3 cards not recognized are MDFC lands, which should definitely change the numbers on lands, something to keep in mind as well. One last comment in this vein would be a commander deck bracket recognizer could be nice in order to gauge the numbers.

Obviously this is being built for commander first, but definitely take a look at other formats and top decks there to get an idea for how to evaluate them and good rules of thumb in non-commander formats 

Finally, a little cosmetic comment, but some people (Americans) might think your rating system is harsh since a 60% is considered very low in some grading systems. Padding the number or finding another evaluation marker might make sure people dont feel insulted when they see their deck score (like i almost did when i saw my enchantments deck get a 62). Also some kind of guide of where youre getting your recommendations for numbers of cards from might be really nice!

Anyways, this was a little more long-winded than I expected, but I hope it had some use at least! I'd love to check it out again sometime, let me know and I can give more comments :grin::grin:

Ill also add my enchantments decklist that I used if you want to look at what I saw: https://moxfield.com/decks/8aXF3GzglkyiIgB8Nt6veg

I also forgot to mention, i think that boardwipes should be in their own category and not listen as interaction, since some people could misinterpret that and run 5 boardwipes in a creature heavy deck. I also think it could be nice to have a protection category where you can list things like Swiftfoot Boots, Veil of Summer, Teferi's Protection, and Heroic Intervention among other cards. Just some thoughts!